TODO.md, before:

# TODO
All my tasks will be written in this file.

### Todo
- [ ] Find great design
- [ ] Expand the DEBIAN folder in package
- [ ] Create package for Arch
- [ ] Create RPM package
- [ ] Publish .deb package in Debian repositories

### Waiting
- [ ] Proof of concept : Window decoration
- [ ] Study the XrmDatabase
- [ ] Make own wallpaper
- [ ] Create another logo

### In Progress
- [ ] Add scroll in the menu

### Done
- [X] Prepare Kanban
- [X] Install Inkscape
- [X] Create the logo
- [X] Install Pencil software fo mockups
- [X] Create the mockups
- [X] Add a TODO file
- [X] Add a CHANGELOG file
- [X] Add concept in README
- [X] Proof of concept : Apps shortcuts
- [X] Create Makefile
- [X] Refactorize the cache update system
- [X] Replace "categorie" by "category"
- [X] Replace the appshortcuts executable by rooibos executable
- [X] Recreate cache if cache is not present
- [X] Tidy app shortcuts by category
- [X] Use the getlogin() function
- [X] Add VERSION file
- [X] Add a verification : root not allowed to launch the window manager
- [X] Change "Xlib" to "XCB" in README
- [X] Add an autocomplete system for rooibos executable
- [X] Create Debian package
- [X] Add "version" command
- [X] Add install target in Makefile
- [X] Add uninstall target in Makefile
- [X] Add INSTALL file
- [X] Add a CRON to launch rooibos cache-update
- [X] Create man pages
- [X] Strip executable
- [X] Create AUTHOR FILE
- [X] Choose the MIT license
- [X] Add a configure script
- [X] Delete .gitkeep file
- [X] Create a short program with XCB
- [X] Refactorize with Sonarlint
- [X] Study the 9wm program
- [X] Create a short program with Xlib
- [X] Create a release in GitHub
- [X] Delete CRON system
- [X] Create window structure
- [X] Create widgets to manage windows
- [X] Be able to draw icons
- [X] Refactorize the app_shortcuts system
- [X] Rename structures names
- [X] Show all menu icons when pressing Super
- [X] Add Call To Action for menu icons
- [X] Create menu with categories
- [X] Do short press/long press
- [X] Assets personnalization
- [X] Refacto utils
- [X] CLI History
- [X] Add an entry for Display manager
- [X] Splash confirmation
- [X] Add debug flag
- [X] Show jpeg images
- [X] Grab Super and Left Control in window
- [X] Move logout button
- [X] Move new terminal button
- [X] Category Mint bugs
- [X] Dot active window
- [X] Prompt Alt key
- [X] Add jpeg and png format for logo

Commit message:

I added scroll for icons in the menu.

TODO.md, after:

# TODO
All my tasks will be written in this file.

### Todo
- [ ] Find great design
- [ ] Expand the DEBIAN folder in package
- [ ] Create package for Arch
- [ ] Create RPM package
- [ ] Publish .deb package in Debian repositories

### Waiting
- [ ] Proof of concept : Window decoration
- [ ] Study the XrmDatabase
- [ ] Make own wallpaper
- [ ] Create another logo
- [ ] Clip to show only part of icons
- [ ] Better performances and refactorizing

### In Progress
- [ ] Better integration of apps during execution

### Done
- [X] Prepare Kanban
- [X] Install Inkscape
- [X] Create the logo
- [X] Install Pencil software fo mockups
- [X] Create the mockups
- [X] Add a TODO file
- [X] Add a CHANGELOG file
- [X] Add concept in README
- [X] Proof of concept : Apps shortcuts
- [X] Create Makefile
- [X] Refactorize the cache update system
- [X] Replace "categorie" by "category"
- [X] Replace the appshortcuts executable by rooibos executable
- [X] Recreate cache if cache is not present
- [X] Tidy app shortcuts by category
- [X] Use the getlogin() function
- [X] Add VERSION file
- [X] Add a verification : root not allowed to launch the window manager
- [X] Change "Xlib" to "XCB" in README
- [X] Add an autocomplete system for rooibos executable
- [X] Create Debian package
- [X] Add "version" command
- [X] Add install target in Makefile
- [X] Add uninstall target in Makefile
- [X] Add INSTALL file
- [X] Add a CRON to launch rooibos cache-update
- [X] Create man pages
- [X] Strip executable
- [X] Create AUTHOR FILE
- [X] Choose the MIT license
- [X] Add a configure script
- [X] Delete .gitkeep file
- [X] Create a short program with XCB
- [X] Refactorize with Sonarlint
- [X] Study the 9wm program
- [X] Create a short program with Xlib
- [X] Create a release in GitHub
- [X] Delete CRON system
- [X] Create window structure
- [X] Create widgets to manage windows
- [X] Be able to draw icons
- [X] Refactorize the app_shortcuts system
- [X] Rename structures names
- [X] Show all menu icons when pressing Super
- [X] Add Call To Action for menu icons
- [X] Create menu with categories
- [X] Do short press/long press
- [X] Assets personnalization
- [X] Refacto utils
- [X] CLI History
- [X] Add an entry for Display manager
- [X] Splash confirmation
- [X] Add debug flag
- [X] Show jpeg images
- [X] Grab Super and Left Control in window
- [X] Move logout button
- [X] Move new terminal button
- [X] Category Mint bugs
- [X] Dot active window
- [X] Prompt Alt key
- [X] Add jpeg and png format for logo
- [X] Add scroll in the menu
